Title: Achton Villa vs Framlingham Drawbridges Match Report
Category: Achton Villa

We turned up at the Thunderdome for one last hurrah. Pre match prep saw Crane chatting about his worst bday ever, when Tuchel was sacked and the queen died a day apart.

We kicked off and the oppo had a team full of ringers. Meanwhile Ach was still lacing his boots and Crane Jr wasn't even there, so we had ringer Mendel, I was outfield with the goalie gloves on and ref was in net. Ach was finally ready after the ref had conceded 1. What followed was a very swift concession of another 3 goals to put us 3 down.

A beautiful move from Glover, back in the line up after a year, got us back in the game. He sent a bolting pass into the danger zone, which Crane got the deftest of touches on. At this point Crane Jr turned up and did what he does best scoring 3 goals in the first half.

Unfortunately we also conceded another 4. One, a Glover OG placed in the bottom corner, and another a dubious one, a heavy deflection, potentially an Ach own goal. Just depends which he'd rather: have never scored at the Thunderdome or have scored an own goal. Red and blue pill type sh**, take your pick Ach.

Half time came quickly and we were well in it, especially with Crane Jr's first half hat trick.

They kicked off the second half with you will never guess what, but another goal. We however replied with a vengeance, with Crane knocking the ball into the corner. We continued our incredibly direct approach and from my own D, I fired a potent shot, slicing the pitch in half, bouncing off the keeper and into the net.

Most of the second half seemed to and fro between defensive robustness from Glover, Ach and Mendel. This included an absurd amount of last ditch blocks and tackles. Then some moments of magic from their ringers to sway the game back their way.

I managed to thwart a few of their dastardly attacks in the process. But our attack was not firing as it had been, anger was pouring out everywhere, so much so that Crane Sr could not refrain from calling a lamp post a c*** mid game.

Now 11-7 down with 5 mins to go, it felt like a tough ask to bring it back into contention. However… Mendel got one back slotting it nicely after finally realising he didn't have to pass back. Then James added his 4th to the tally after turning and turning and turning in search of an opening which he slotted home tidily.

Crane Sr then took us to within one goal and completed his hat trick drilling it into the corner. Unfortunately despite being told to he did not track his man and they scored a 12th to make it 12-10 FT. An absolutely cracking shift in a game we could well have won.

Fines was largely dominated by the Crane brothers winding each other up (and some reminiscing about the IC 7th XI footie from Old boy Ach), so felt only right to give "Starboy" James Crane and "Super sixer" Alex Crane DoD. A heartfelt moment saw everyone get a vote for MoM, who doesn't love a happy ending in these trying times eh!

See you back on home turf at Eel Brook Common
Mauricio PocheDEANO
