Title: Achton Villa vs FMO FC Match Report
Category: Achton Villa

A very light squad headed to the thunderdome today, with only 4 men in the lineup, luckily ref joined us to make up 5. My start in goal was less than spectacular as I conceded two off the rip, however Ref was there to spare my blushes, and whip two into the bottom corner (eat your heart out Ach) to restore us fairly quickly to 2-2.

Crane making up for the lack of stats based striking power with myself and Abs not up the pitch, chipped in with his first of the night planting one in the bottom corner. Having regained a bit of control, the ref quickly converted his brace to a hat trick, knowing full well he was in goal in the second half.

In the meantime Ach had been sending a few pot shots the keepers way only for them to fall short of being dangerous. Some menacing attacks from FMO, led largely by their fifa regen of Ach, who in essence was just mashing skill buttons all the time, this did lead to a goal back for the oppo despite, some keen eyed defending and keeping I must say over the last 10 minutes. However another goal from them halved our cushion.

Venkies who had spent most of his evening thus far, harassing the oppo, like a seagull to a fish and chips by the sea. He decided to take matters into his own hands. Ball played into him, he spun the oppo defender, sending him shopward and then megging their keeper.

Unfortunately on the stroke of half time they scored a worldie, which concluded my stint in goal. Venks after his new found prowess, spent most of the break fishing around for a water bottle, tactically wasting time.

Post restart we were a little bit heavy footed and nothing seemed to go our way, a few opportunities which should've been squared but weren't and some lacklustre defending (despite Ach's shouts of follow the runner, home, etc) saw the oppo squirm into a 6-5 lead.

However off the restart with options lacking (myself man marked and Ach well not exactly gonna score), Crane had a quick look and whipped it with his right boot, the ball nestled into the top corner pinballing off post and bar and in.

The juices were flowing at this point, and another two were added to the tally, I put home one into an open net, then had one disallowed and Crane despite many calls to pass the ball, took matters into his own hands and completed his hat trick.

The oppo clawed one goal back, but Ach, Venkies and Ref held firm to keep the one goal advantage and bring home a vital three points. Not up to our best but 3 points are 3 points and Europe beckons.

MoM was Crane for a wondrous hat trick
DoD I'll let you decide between Ach supposedly kicking the wall and their resident lady rather than the ball and Crane for saying that he might've played Xbox with a certain Island-owning financier.

Onto next week where we face the BDO bottlejobs and hopefully find out where they got their name from

Have a lovely week
Mauricio PocheDEANO
