Title: Achton Villa vs KPR Match Report
Category: Achton Villa

The game today between KPR and Achton Villa was a serious thriller. End to end stuff.

The top of the table team proved their worth as they did fire three in early doors, the second courtesy of Crane nudging it past Jimbo as an OG.

We however sensationally pulled two back, the first a Crane assist for Deano to open the account this game, followed by an Abs screamer, nestled top corner rattling off post and bar. With the scoreline at 3-2 we were poised for an epic game. Jimbo was putting an absolute shift in, absorbing the shots like a goal sponge. However, the tekky Kweens Park Rangers glided round us, and popped a couple more in the goal hole. Venkies introduced himself to plot 10 in epic style hitting the post and sending a few close shots their keepers way.

We entered the half time period in good stead only 5-2 down against the league leaders. After a brief reprieve, we switched ends and resumed. The second half was chaotic to say the least. Ach continued to search for his first golaso, but his attempts to emulate Payet, with dip swerve and precision, but it was met easily by their keeper.

Unfortunately for us they kept piling the pressure on and despite Jim's excellent work we did concede a few, well a lot. Sprinkled in amongst these goals was a wonderful Abs own goal, which Jimbo could not stop. An own goal from me which Jim could stop. A brief interlude which saw me in goal. Ach got his ankles broken by an Ali Baba Francis Bourgeois and Crane tried an overhead kick.

There was a little good added in amongst this, which included Venkies tackling like prime Kanté. Abs adding another 3 goals to his tally, all assisted by Deano in spectacular fashion (as he does say so himself). Abs returned the favour by laying Deano off to send an absolute ripsnorter into the upper left off kick off.

Unfortunately for us these goals did not quite cancel out the goals they scored and we lost 16-6.

MoM was Jimbo for what must've been a 20xG saved (sorry Abs, that own goal was just too good)
DoD was Crane for crashing out at fines and thinking Ach was white amongst other things.

We will see you all next week for hopefully a slightly lighter pounding.

Yours omnipresently
Mauricio PocheDEANO
