Title: Achton Villa vs BDO Bottlejobs Match Report
Category: Achton Villa

A slightly frisky evening in Euston, as we turned up, with the sorrowful news that Freddie had not been able to join us. So we started with 5, while the oppo lined up with a whole extra squad and supporters.

The man advantage the supporters provided paid off very early as the bottlejobs found themselves a few goals up. It felt like it could be a long evening. Although if there is something you know about the Villans it is that we make sure that there are goals galore.

After going 6 down and the Crane brothers having a good old fashioned domestic we thought it was about time to pull out the skills and put some in the goal hole. The first two came from myself, one of which included employing the fidget spinning technique until enough space was allowed to me to shoot, and thus score.

Immediately the oppo were quaking in their boots. The ball hound Venkies was lapping up loose balls and firing it round to the rest of us. Despite some intense pressure felt between the wall and their most horizontally gifted player. Some powerful shots from James Crane did some good work testing the keeper but they didn't creep in just yet.

Unfortunately, before we could put some more pressure on, the oppo put a few more in our net, despite Jimbo's best efforts to keep them out. Luckily just before the end of the half we did get one back through Crane Jr, to cut the deficit ever so slightly.

Despite the stats, we felt confident we could get something out of this game. What proceeded was some attacking beauty from the boys. With no restraint we pulled a few back, James added another 3 to his one already, one being the sexiest, most delectable team goal of all time. Crane Sr to Venks, Venks to Crane Sr, Crane Sr to Crane Jr, Crane Jr to me and back again via a beautiful back heel and then slotted home.

Crane Jr's 4th saw him avoid passing to any of us, realising we are sh*te and just dribbled back and forth before piling one into the goal. To add a nice cherry on top of the James Crane cake. I rounded out my hat trick by making sure Crane Sr couldn't take the loose ball and hitting it on the half volley through the keepers legs.

You would think at this point somewhere around even. Unfortunately I forgot to mention that the oppo scored another 8 or so in the second half. Due to some lacklustre tracking, Crane Sr slipping again, Crane Sr passing the ball to the oppo, Jimbo letting a couple squirm through him. So unfortunately we were handed a bit of an a** kicking by the Bottlejobs, who did not live up to their name.

Fines saw commendations for Jimbo's expansive list of saves, Venkies beautiful spinning touch, and then James Crane taking it way too far and being ultra aggressive towards skipper/ manager as well as his brother. Thus he does not receive MoM and I win instead!

DoD is Freddie for not turning up and for a tug he did in Prince's gardens (Red card offence I heard)

See you all next week for a belter at the Thunderdome
Mauricio PocheDEANO
